double elim algorithm

losers bracket

the algorithm prioritizes alternating the side of the bracket that a loser goes on in the event that there is a number of players other than
2^number
it seems to look to the next round, identify which half of it's "local bracket" it is on, and match itself to the correct value seed in the opposite half

When building a pair of losers for a losers bracket game that has players from a round 1 and 2 games, the location of the game in round 2 is looked at
for opposite-placement in the losers bracket.

the losers bracket tries to avoid playing players from the same side of the bracket if possible

the switching seems to happen round 2 of winners

losers are ideally paired with a loser from the nearest local opposite side of the bracket. it is only when this doesn't exist that highest-lowest pairing happens
when highest-lowest pairing happens for losers bracket, the losers braecket placement will switch the side of game in the higher round
this ideal is left-working, so it will sacrifice this principle in a right location if it can meet it at the leftmost location

building losers bracket:
pair all winners games that have a form-fitting, 2^n style partner. they will be paired in the losers bracket. 

when pairing games for losers bracket in a highest-lowest situation, all "empty" games in round 2 winners are seeded equally, and lower than any numbered seed game.
the remaining games with only one player are seeded according to the players seed.
Winners round 2 is broken into two halves. All losers from winners round 2 switch sides of the bracket when they enter losers.
in high-low pairing, the bracket position of the player in round 2 is selected.

in high-low pairing, bracket symmetry is always preserved when selecting an appropriate r2 Winners game to be paired with a r1 winners game.
The r1 winners game is checked to see what game it feeds into. The symmetrical game is found on the opposite side of the bracket, and that is the r2 game
that is matched with the r1 game.

for non 2^n brackets, for every round 1 game with a corresponding game in round 1 to be paired with, that game will always lead to playing the loser
of the symmetrical game of the one that the winner of the games would have gone to

